Add note for non-default PreviewRenderers (#2729)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/ContentElements/CustomBackendPreview.rst

#.  Table and field have a :php:`subtype_value_field` TCA setting

    If your table and field have a :php:`subtype_value_field` TCA setting (like
    :php:`tt_content.list_type` for example) and you want to register a 

>     PreviewRenderer that applies only when that value is selected (for example, 
>     when a certain plugin type is selected and you can't match it with the "type"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    PreviewRenderer that applies only when that value is selected (assume a certain plugin type is selected and you can't match it with the "type"
```
to reduce the amount of "for example"

Author: Sounds good but I did not change the content in those lines, I only replaced the words "preview renderer" with "PreviewRenderer" and needed the rearrange the lines for proper line length...

Reviewer 2: IMHO, either write "preview renderer" or mark it as a class ":php:`PreviewRenderer`".

Author: Yeah, might be better. I just orientated myself at the given content. But I did not do it properly -.- Sorry.
"preview renderer" is used throughout the article, just in the `bignums` before it's "PreviewRenderer". So I will undo this change and adapt the only false one. What do you think about it?

Reviewer: Let's see ... ?
Anway, thanks for caring!

Author: I created a  new commit [143e4a3](https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi/pull/2729/commits/143e4a39abba46584afe2efbfedc83abd8c036bd)

    when your extension is the one that creates the table, the latter is used
    when you need to override TCA properties of tables added by the Core or
    other extensions.

..  note::

>     The content elements :php:`text`, :php:`textpic`, :php:`textmedia` and 

Reviewer 2: What about bullets, etc?

Author: They do not have a special `PreviewRenderer` O.o 
You can check this in the Configuration module → $GLOBALS['TCA']  → search for "previewRenderer"
